added WKWebViewOnly to Readme (#161)
apache/cordova-plugin-wkwebview-engine: README.md

<preference name="CordovaWebViewEngine" value="CDVWKWebViewEngine" />
```

> If using cordova-ios versions >= 5.1.0 you might have to include the following tag in order to only use the WKWebView (which is required for new Apps to the AppStore):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using `cordova-ios >= 5.1.0`, it is recommended to include the following `preference` tag to only use the `WKWebView` which is a requirement for new App submissions to the AppStore:
```

Reviewer: Here is my recommendation on wording and presentation formatting.
